README.md, before:

# Auto Commit Log

This project automatically creates commits every 30 minutes to log the repository's activity time.

## How it works

- Uses GitHub Actions to run automatically every 30 minutes
- Each run adds a new line to `log.txt` with a timestamp
- Automatically commits and pushes changes to the repository

## Configuration

The workflow is configured in `.github/workflows/auto-commit.yml` with the following features:

- Runs automatically every 30 minutes
- Can be triggered manually through GitHub Actions
- Uses GitHub Actions bot to create commits
- Only commits the `log.txt` file

## Usage

1. Fork this repository to your GitHub account
2. Ensure the repository has push access (Settings > Actions > General > Workflow permissions)
3. The workflow will automatically run and create commits every 30 minutes

## Notes

- `log.txt` will be created automatically on the first workflow run
- Each commit will contain a timestamp of when it was created
- You can track the repository's activity history through `log.txt`

Commit message:

Update auto-commit workflow to run twice daily at 8:00 AM and 8:00 PM Vietnam time (UTC+7). Enhance README.md with updated usage instructions, log format details, and timezone information. Modify log entry timestamps to reflect Vietnam timezone.

README.md, after:

# Auto Commit Log

This project automatically creates commits twice daily to log the repository's activity time in Vietnam timezone (UTC+7).

## How it works

- Uses GitHub Actions to run automatically twice a day
- Runs at 8:00 AM and 8:00 PM Vietnam time (UTC+7)
- Each run adds a new entry to `log.txt` with timestamp in Vietnam timezone
- Automatically commits and pushes changes to the repository

## Configuration

The workflow is configured in `.github/workflows/auto-commit.yml` with the following features:

- Runs automatically at 8:00 AM and 8:00 PM Vietnam time
- Can be triggered manually through GitHub Actions
- Uses GitHub Actions bot to create commits
- Only commits the `log.txt` file
- Uses Vietnam timezone (UTC+7) for all timestamps

## Usage

1. Fork this repository to your GitHub account
2. Ensure the repository has push access (Settings > Actions > General > Workflow permissions)
3. The workflow will automatically run twice daily at:
   - 8:00 AM Vietnam time (UTC+7)
   - 8:00 PM Vietnam time (UTC+7)

## Log Format

Each entry in `log.txt` follows this format:
```
=== Auto Commit Log Entry ===
Timestamp: YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS ICT
Commit ID: [commit hash]
Repository: [repository name]
Branch: [branch name]
Last Commit Message: [last commit message]
----------------------------------------
```

## Notes

- `log.txt` will be created automatically on the first workflow run
- Each commit will contain a timestamp in Vietnam timezone (ICT)
- You can track the repository's activity history through `log.txt`
- The workflow can be manually triggered at any time using the "Run workflow" button in GitHub Actions
